"DG2015A" by "K. K31 Thompson"

Chapter 1 
[The Room of Dell/Dull G., aka D-G]

The bedroom is a room."This place is a mess!" 

Bored is a person. "Bored, the person of questionable gender whom you are fucking."

[Instead of attacked Bored: 
	say "Fuck me hard, but don't harm me."; 
	rule succeds.
]	

Bored is in the bedroom.

The computer is a thing in the bedroom. 

The description of the computer is "an ancient full tower style PC, half covered in rust, rust, and condom wrappers, but capable of functioning as a typical workstation."
The computer is fixed in place.
Instead of taking the computer, say "It weights more than five hundred lbs. Which is too much kilograms for your metric arms."

[
Instead of inspecting Bored, say "Just making eye contact is enough to start the fucking of Bored, all over again." 
]

A stack of CDs is a thing. "A stack of assorted CDs, most but not all are encassed in jewel cases."
The stack of CDs is a container.

Instead of taking the stack of CDs: 
	if the player is not carrying the precious CD:
		say "You hesitate, as you are not going to waste a dozen CDs like that time you went wild with the breakfast crowd at Denny's, instead you nod to yourself, and do the wise thing and remove a single precious CD from the stack.";
[	say "Or, you tried to, but suddenly you wake up on the floor. Fainting spell?";]
[	give the precious CD to the player;]
		try silently taking the precious CD;
	else:
		say "You already have the One True CD. Time to move on."


The stack is in the bedroom.

The precious CD is a thing in the stack of CDs. ["the One True CD, with Songs written in the Sacred Clef."]
[When play starts: it is invisible.]

The dog is an animal. "An heroic dog, d-g." 
[The dog is called Paul.]
[Understand d-g to mean dog.]

The dog collar is a thing. 
[ -- why does this not work?
The description of the collas is "a dog collar with the repeating string 'D-G' printed along the collar."
]
The dog is wearing the dog collar. 
Instead of examining the collar, say "a dog collar with the repeating string 'D-G' printed along the collar."

Instead of examining the dog, say "a Dalmation with Cyan spots rather than the usual Black."

Instead of attacking the dog:
	say "You kicked my dog, and not it needs operation! You bastard!";
	end the story saying "BAD END: cruelty to animals".
	
The dog is in the bedroom.

[... to be continued, but not bad for less than an hour just before bed. ]


	





